[Term Entry] Kotlin Strings .removePrefix() (#3758)
Codecademy/docs: content/kotlin/concepts/strings/terms/removePrefix/removePrefix.md

---
Title: 'removePrefix()'
Description: 'Removes a specified prefix from a string, if present.'
Subjects:
  - 'Programming'
  - 'Software Development'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Data Structures'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/software-development'
---

The **`removePrefix()`** method in Kotlin is used to remove a specified prefix from a string if it is present.

## Syntax

```pseudo

> import kotlin.text.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
We don't have to explicitly import 'kotlin.text.*' to utilize the `removePrefix()` function in Kotlin. This function is included in the Kotlin standard library and is readily accessible for use in Kotlin code without any extra imports.

> val modifiedString = originalString.removePrefix(prefix)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
val modifiedString = originalString.removePrefix(prefixToRemove)
```

```

> `originalString`: The original string from which you want to remove the prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`originalString`: The original string from which the prefix will be removed.
```
Refrain from using pronouns.

> `prefix`: The prefix you want to remove from the original string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`prefix`: The prefix which will be removed from the original string.
```
Same as above, refrain from using pronouns.

> The `removePrefix()` method returns a new `string` with the specified prefix removed if it exists. If the original string does not start with the specified prefix, the method returns the original string unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Why don't we remove this part from here and place it with the definition of the function above. To be specific in the 16th line.

## Example

This example shows how to use the `removePrefix()` method to remove a prefix from a Kotlin string:

```kotlin

> import kotlin.text.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
We don't have to explicitly import 'kotlin.text.*' to utilize the `removePrefix()` function in Kotlin. This function is included in the Kotlin standard library and is readily accessible for use in Kotlin code without any extra imports.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---
Title: 'removePrefix()'
Description: 'Removes a specified prefix from a string, if present.'
Subjects:

>   - 'Programming'
>   - 'Software Development'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
```

Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Data Structures'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-kotlin'

>   - 'paths/software-development'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - 'paths/computer-science'
```

---

The **`removePrefix()`** method in Kotlin is used to remove a specified prefix from a string if it is present. The `removePrefix()` method returns a new `string` with the specified prefix removed if it exists. If the original string does not start with the specified prefix, the method returns the original string unchanged.

## Syntax

```pseudo
val modifiedString = originalString.removePrefix(prefixToRemove)
```

`originalString`: The original string from which the prefix will be removed.
`prefix`: The prefix which will be removed from the original string.

## Example

This example shows how to use the `removePrefix()` method to remove a prefix from a Kotlin string:

```kotlin
fun main() {
    val originalString = "HelloWorld"
    val prefix = "Hello"

    val modifiedString = originalString.removePrefix(prefix)
    println("Modified String: $modifiedString")
}
```

> In this example, the `removePrefix()` method is used to remove the "Hello" prefix from the original string. The result will be printed as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The result will be printed as:
```

```shell
Modified String: World
```

## Codebyte Example

This code is interactive and can be run.

```codebyte/kotlin
fun main() {
    val originalString = "HelloWorld"
    val prefix = "Hello"

    val modifiedString = originalString.removePrefix(prefix)
    println("Modified String: $modifiedString")
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: kotlin is not currently supported by Codecademy, so this will not run. Please remove this example
